we don't have 100 shots for punk
we have the bank
which everyone sing it
I can't calmly think I can't calmly
sleep I constantly go sense that to me
someone needs to be given
3 years sing
the sea is not plus ours I do not smoke 6 years
school sports you seriously talking
if you want real erotic contra
Alena Boxing Champion
Alena then
but
gateway salty in one house my name is and
and a neighbor to Lena no complaints and what
they are singing then just nonsense alena girl what
need to know how to put wash and in general
called for her to vote, Alena
put things in order will punish those who will
steal you want peace and justice
but
but no and
Alen and about which all sing and answer without
doubts that everyone is singing correctly
spinning alena I can dance you not
taught know i will dance
at
about punk on mts why do you have a bruise under
eye and let them not climb
and the man enters the flower shop and
threw pick me please healthy
for my wife god bless you
done the uk punk us 100 all
enough everybody want to publicly state I don't
gay
to mess with me before
I pascal
people they are peasants not
but food
bye
about punk at mts car flat
beautiful and large country house
which food immediately comfortable chair
beads all garbage sharpen interesting but
it's not about me no money
yeah, no money, no money at all
there is no money to think about it
wear the witness
visa to malta and own yellow
broke a huge bedroom which is me
the course will sing fish collection
just a little bit it was but it was
I have no absolutely no money
one absolutely yes yes yes yes yes no no no
money absolutely yes but no money no
absolutely yes yes yes yes no money punk
us with